current problems/addons:

In explorer text(first time):
    Welcome adventurer! You are now at the famous Boom Boom Tomb!
    Here, you must find three special artifacts and bring them back to me!
    But be careful! If you're not careful, you might go...
    BOOOM - bigboom.mp3 plays
    If you don't want to,
    GET OUT - get out sfx plays, image switches to getout.png
    (also don't reload the page progress might reset)

    So adventurer, what would you like to do?
    (two options show up: adventure, leave)
    
    press leave:
    alright
    GET OUT - get out mp3 plays, choose between the three other scenes connected and force user to go three

    press adventure:
    Wonderful!
    Here's how it works: when you enter the tomb, you will be presented with 3 doors.
    Choose one and hope that it isn't a bomb!
    You might find artifacts, treasures, or coins to spend at the shop to help you!
    Continue and when you have 3 artifacts, come back to me!
    Then I'll give you your pize.
    Good luck!

Explorer(after this)
    Now the tomb is a dangerous place, but remember this!
    You might hear some telltale signs of certain things!

    Conversation options:
    I have all the artifacts
        If its true:
            Wonderful!
            Here's your prize:
            after you press enter rickroll(the yt video) starts playing on screen
        If it's false:
            Hmm, you don't seem to have three artifacts yet...
            come back later!

    Lore(will add later)

Tomb:
    when inside tomb.mp3 starts playing
    Add leave button at bottom right

    room is generated each time
    door 1, 2, and door 3's room types are chosen when you see them
    when you click each door you have a chance to hear something
    but 1/2 chance you do or it says "you can't hear anything"

    Bomb room:
        play bigexplosion + you drop 5 coins
        if you have less than 5 coins, you die
        game over

    Merchant room:
        uses tombshopnpc.png
        can buy one of the three items in shop randomly for 1 coin
        text box asking if you want to buy it, yes or no prompt

    Gambler:
        uses gamblernpc.png
        gamble 2 coins for 4 (50% odds)?

    trap room:
        traps! you drop 3 coins
        (if less than 3 coins)
        you get kicked out of the tomb and lose all your coins

    artifact room:
        You gain an artifact!
        show artifact 1 2 or 3 .png depending on what you have
        once you get 3 say "i should go to the explorer now"
        go to explorer

Shop:
    have stallnpc.png pop up
    Have shop npc actually talk(img of the png with text appearing next to them)
    shop.mp3 starts playing
    
    First time:
        Welcome adventurer, to my humble shop
        Here I sell items that you may buy with coins to aid you on your journey
        Here, have a look
        [opens shop menu]

    2nd time and after:
        Welcome back.

        two options:
        shop
            opens shop menu(shopcounter.jpg)
        Lore(may add)
    
    shop menu:
        Just a pop up screen with the different items(bomb, charm and shield)
        Name at the top, img of it in the middle(assets/itemname.png), description of the item below, coin price below that 
        Coin price white if you have enough coin to buy, red if not
        can buy stuff, but must press x in the top right to leave back to desert scene

    Better item explanations:
    Bomb - can use to open locked doors - 3 coins
    Charm - increaes odds of artifacts - 5 coins
    Shield - can use to save yourself from a bomb once - 10 coins

signs:
    open text box
    says Directions to _scene name_
    link to the scene is hyperlinked so that if they press it they get taken three
    also a x in the top right to go back to desert view as well

REACH:
add lore
each time npc talks undertale like text thingy goes on